Add link to Android source code (#259)
microbit-foundation/dev-docs: bluetooth/apps-and-examples.md

## Applications, tools and examples

> - [Android App](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.samsung.microbit) facilitates [pairing and flashing programs to the micro:bit](https://support.microbit.org/en/support/solutions/articles/19000051025-pairing-and-flashing-code-via-bluetooth). The app was originally developed by Samsung and the source code is now maintained by the Micro:bit Educational Foundation and [lives on GitHub](https://github.com/microbit-foundation/microbit-android/)

Reviewer: We should make the link contextual for accessibility

```suggestion
- [Android App](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.samsung.microbit) facilitates [pairing and flashing programs to the micro:bit](https://support.microbit.org/en/support/solutions/articles/19000051025-pairing-and-flashing-code-via-bluetooth). The app was originally developed by Samsung and is now maintained by the Micro:bit Educational Foundation. The [micro:bit android app source code](https://github.com/microbit-foundation/microbit-android/) can be found on GitHub.
```
